---
layout: post
title: "2010 Goals"
date: 2010-01-28 05:48:00
comments: true
categories: 
---

<p>2010 will be a great year and I&rsquo;m sure that my life will change dramatically. I have a whole bunch of ideas and things I want to do.&nbsp; Here is a list of my &ldquo;professional goals&rdquo;.</p>
<h2>Become an expert with ASP.NET MVC.</h2>
<p>Ever since I first heard of ASP.NET MVC, I knew I should become proficient in it. But I can&rsquo;t control the type of project I&rsquo;m working on, so I neglected to do my homework and stay up to date.</p>
<h2>Get some more experience with web design (CSS, XHTML)</h2>
<p>A big gap to fill. I&rsquo;ve made some progress but still not able to do it efficiently. I will probably pick up some books and try to design web site from scratch just for gun.</p>
<h2>Write a jQuery plugin.</h2>
<p>I have some ideas of plugins that haven&rsquo;t made it to general release. This year, I will definitely launch one to have a real experience with launching an open source project and responding to feedback.</p>
<h2>One contribution to an open-source project.</h2>
<p>Something else than the jQuery plugin mentioned earlier. I have made some &ldquo;improvement&rdquo; to BlogEngine.Net and maybe I will submit them some changes I&rsquo;ve made.</p>
<h2>At least 100 blog posts and 100 feed reader.</h2>
<p>95 posts to go and around 50 more readers. Completely feasible. I also picked some tips while I had a complete lack of posts for some month and I am now ready to apply them.</p>
<h2>GTD</h2>
<p>I need to finish <a title="Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity" href="http://www.amazon.com/Getting-Things-Done-Stress-Free-Productivity/dp/0142000280/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1264612838&amp;sr=8-4" target="_blank">Getting Things Done</a> and try it for some months. A goal that I really need to complete this year.</p>
<h2>Get back into the shape of my life.</h2>
<p>I took some weight since the wedding in October 2009 and I can now see how it affect my health. So I am ready to take care of this again. It may not looks like a professional goal but I&rsquo;m sure It will have a big impact in the end.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div id="scid:0767317B-992E-4b12-91E0-4F059A8CECA8:4448bcb7-1b39-4a26-a0af-ad162d268b59" class="wlWriterEditableSmartContent" style="padding-bottom: 0px; margin: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px; display: inline; float: none; padding-top: 0px">Technorati Tags: <a rel="tag" href="http://technorati.com/tags/goals">goals</a>,<a rel="tag" href="http://technorati.com/tags/health">health</a>,<a rel="tag" href="http://technorati.com/tags/jquery">jquery</a>,<a rel="tag" href="http://technorati.com/tags/blogging">blogging</a></div>